hello dwellers and welcome to another
minecraft mod showcase judging by the
date and the title of this video I think
it's pretty safe to assume that I'm
doing the fireworks mod because when you
think of July the 4th you don't think
about independence freedom playing with
your family you think of explosions and
lots and lots of fireworks and that's
what this mod does so let me just flip
the switch and you're going to get the
spectacle of your lifetime oh my God
look at that so instead of crappy
minecraft TNT cannon it's done in
vanilla minecraft you get these you get
these beautiful glowing colored
minecraft Ian's fireworks and they're
not just one shape I mean look at that
did you see that that was four circles
going upwards it's really amazing look
how these are random these look like
real fireworks except if you get close
enough to notice that they're Minecraft
particles but I mean they change color
they're floating in the air I mean look
at this oh my gosh I honestly like these
fireworks more than real-life fireworks
because I can actually see the dark
things I'm not hiding behind some guy's
car or whatever trying to get a view and
I mean just look how beautiful they are
what's really cool about this mod is
that if you actually have some good
encoding abilities you can make your own
fireworks and put it into this mod these
work off redstone that's how they're
being activated currently that's on a
redstone repeater and I mean just look
at this now you will need mod loader and
even if you want to you can put in the
audio mod which will allow you to hear
the you know the beautiful explosions
we're hearing right now honestly I kind
of would rather not have the oh my God
look at those oh my gosh this is just
beautiful I mean I love these like these
I don't know these are like little
streamers and they look like they're
alive almost it's just so beautiful but
yeah these work off of redstone you can
also bash them with your hand and you
can set up fireworks like that and you
actually have to create these you have
to craft these really it's really easy
you just need seven pieces of iron and a
redstone torch and you get the fireworks
block you just place it down wherever
you want it's activated by redstone like
I said earlier
and that's basically it that's how you
get the beautifulness now you can't go
into the configuration files and change
it around so you get some dolphins or
something if you wanted to make a
dolphin check firework and you figured
out how to I have literally no idea I
had trouble just getting this set up to
be honest I to ask ant
so I'm not the best at minecraft
redstone and I'm not going to say I am
but with his help I was able to put
together an extravaganza that I'm going
to end this video off with so I'm going
to switch to my flat map world where I
have this all set up so I'll talk to
guys later see you soon and we're back
oh yeah it looks like I'm having some
evil thoughts going on but actually what
I have here is three sets of fireworks
working off a clock that are going to
you know shoot them all at intervals so
you get the maximum firework experience
now I know there's not that many but
that's only because the way the mod is
programmed I found out is that if you
have them too many going off at once
they'll actually stop exploding in the
air and you'll just get these nice
little streamers which I'll show you a
little how about I show you now actually
so I have you know this right here and
there's a really cool trick ant showed
me that when you have a repeater hook
directly to the block it gives it like a
quick fire mechanism and so all these
blocks are about to go off on my
freaking look at that it's like
rapid-fire fireworks and as you can see
we're not getting that many explosions
and they're really just like doing these
little little little little butt things
I don't even know I can't I can't tell
you what these are I mean look at that
it's just not the most exciting thing so
I mean they rapid fire and things like
that but they don't really show up now
on the other hand when I have this
little clock going on we do this maybe
come on turn off please please you know
you want you let me just let me just fix
this because I think I have it that the
clock is set on it's stuck on to so let
me just give me a now redstone and a
redstone repeater and we're going to fix
this right now
just break this redstone repeater
oh you have a little premature redstone
ation huh okay here we go
and Boop ah so as you can see this is
our spectacular I mean look at all these
fireworks going off it's pretty you
can't say it's not let's give you a
little cinematic view
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed that in a
beautiful July 4th and even if you don't
celebrate Independence Day in your
country it's still a really nice
beautiful mod if you want fireworks to
celebrate any event you can i'll taught
you guys later
happy 4th of July see ya
you